everybody what's going on do they have
this comparison for you guys and these
are two of the best Bluetooth wireless
headphones that your money can buy right
now under $100 with amazing amazing
battery life and good quality here the
right I have the blue do turbine
hurricane
these are 57-millimeter driver
headphones and here on the Left I have
the blue leo applause legend revolution
let's see which one is better
that's why I'm gonna start right now
alright guys so that's why not start
here with these side compares what I
want to try to leave you guys saw all
these bags they are from my memory and
actually not reading the specs so as far
as they look both headphones are you
know over the head over the ear style
the main differences are battery life
the driver as well as the material and
of course at the price the legend
revolution our pros are getting more
expensive they retail for about 99
dollars on Amazon versus a hurricane
turbine are about thirty five dollars so
that's a big difference there's in price
as you guys can see both headphones
offers the 3.5 millimeter audio jack on
one of the on the bottom of one of the
ear cups so you can connect devices that
are not glued to the capable also we see
the access to you will be poured on the
other side of course you're gonna get
the access to control the volume of both
as well as go back and forth with the
music you can also pause the music and
of course the on and off button I've
heard the ear cop I had to be honest
with you
on the legend the earcup it's a little
bit bigger and it should have been way
more comfortable as you guys can see
both headphones can be extended but they
wanting to say all the legend it's that
they offer better quality in comparison
to the hurricane through mind they are
plastic as you guys can see when we
extended the layer they are metal so
that's one thing there to keep in mind
the build and the construction of the
legend it should have been way better it
almost feels like the pizza studio and
that's not to say that the hurricane
turbine are not looking for what they
are and to be plastic all over they are
they're actually pretty looking and they
look they look necessarily cheap but
they're not as a good quality outside
the legend applause now as you guys can
see they're comparing to a cellphone the
ear cup on the legging is actually
pretty big there is also more padding
there so to have a more comfortable for
sure and also for person that has a
bigger ears it's a bit more comfortable
there are the controls on one of the
side and right in the middle it's the
power bottom and there is a LED lights
that flash and turn on and off as you
are operating the headphones as you guys
can see there's the 3.5 millimeter audio
jack access or the other side we see
that you will be poured as far as the
color they offered both headphones in
different colors the legend is offered
in beset Italian :
as well as a black and I believe silver
we see the revolution branding on top
and here's how they look like when they
are on your head
now one thing to mention guys with the
gluteal Rican - right now we're looking
at right now this sound it's amazing
amazing out of this word are the drivers
on this thing are 57-millimeter drivers
and I don't think anything I don't think
there are any homes headphones that can
compete with the drivers on this blue do
hurricane turbine as far as a headband I
actually like better the one that says
that turbine versus a revolution this is
one thing I don't like guys are the
space that you save it to your head and
the headband you know I can fit their
three fingers and I don't like this
based on that so that's one thing to
criticize out the legend applause if you
don't get that space with the hurricane
turbine first the battery life on let's
talk our battery life on battery life
it's also a big difference and here's
how the hurricane turbine look like when
they're on your head
battery life are on the blue T of legend
applause the estimate and advertised
twenty eight hours of battery life
continuous usage you rechargeable time
it's a between three and four hours a
versus the hurricane turbine the battery
life it's significant significantly
better a bigger with forty six hours of
continuous usage and the charging time
needs about the same
we're looking at three to five hours so
overall conclusion guys and final
opinions if you wanna save money you
want the best battery life on any
bluetooth headphones you want something
with an amazing 57-millimeter driver I
will say go with the blue teal hurricane
turbine you're not gonna be disappointed
with the sound your noggin abyss
opponent with the battery life on if you
want something that offers a better
quality nice look
and mortal ear cops I would highly
recommend going with the legend applause
they're available on eBay on Amazon and
you know as far as the quality like I
said you know there are probably better
quality better construction both offer
amazing experience when it comes to the
sound the drivers from the ladies are 50
millimeter drivers versus 57 on the
hurricane turbine they both come with
carrying pouch 3.5 millimeter audio jack
cable and that's about it
so guys how we done I want to thank you
for watching this video subscribe for
more any questions or comments and let
me know and again this is a comparison
here between a two super nice
good-looking and also amazing some
Bluetooth wireless headphones guys